README.md, before:

<!--
  FUENTE SINTAXIS BÁSICA MD
  https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/
-->

# **WEBSITE CREATED WITH HTML, CSS AND JS DINAMICALLY**

## **STARTED**

> Wednesday, April 14th, 2021

## **DELIVERY DATE**

> Thursday, April 15th, 2021

## **SCHOOL SUBJECT FOR WHICH THIS WAS MADE**

> ### Fundamentos de Desarrollo Móvil
>
> - [6SEM - 1 PARTIAL] [2020 - 2021/B]

## **EXPLANATION**

> - This is a project where I had to replicate 2 mobile layouts which were
>   made in Figma by the teacher.
>
> - The 2 screens should be linked for 1 extra point.
>
> - This is made using React Native in JavaScript.

## **LAYOUTS LOCATION**

> ### **FOLDER: final-layouts-objective**
>
> - Google Pixel 2 - 1.pdf
> - Google Pixel 2 - 5.pdf

## **MOBILE LAYOUTS**

<blockquote>
  <br>
  <h3 style="text-align: center;">
    <strong> <em> OBJECTIVE LAYOUT </em> </strong>
  </h3>
  <br>
  <div style="margin: auto auto auto auto;
       display: flex;
       justify-content: space-between;">
    <img src="final-layouts-objective/first-desired-screen.png"
         alt="First desired screen" title="First desired screen" width="30%">
    <img src="final-layouts-objective/second-desired-screen.png"
         alt="Second desired screen" title="Second desired screen" width="30%">
  </div>

  <br>
  <h3 style="text-align: center;">
    <strong> FINAL RESULT </strong>
  </h3>
  <br>
  <div style="margin: auto auto auto auto;
       display: flex;
       justify-content: space-between;">
    <!-- <img src="final-layouts-objective/first-desired-screen.png"
         alt="First desired screen" title="First desired screen" width="48%">
    <img src="final-layouts-objective/second-desired-screen.png"
         alt="Second desired screen" title="Second desired screen" width="48%"> -->
  </div>
  <br>
</blockquote>
<!-- > ![First desired screen](final-layouts-objective/first-desired-screen.png "First desired screen") -->
<!-- > ![Second desired screen](final-layouts-objective/second-desired-screen.png "Second desired screen") -->

## **WHAT I USED**

> - I used ESLint with Airbnb coding style conventions with some own
>   personalized rules according to what I like. This was not asked by the
>   teacher.
>
> - Expo Developer Tools to see the changes either in web or in the Android
>   device.
>
> ### I HAD TO UPGRADE THE EXPO SDK
>
> I had to upgrade the expo SDK to the latest version following the next
> tutorial in the section ***"Upgrading Your App"***:
>
> ***[Upgrading Expo tutorial](https://blog.expo.io/expo-sdk-35-is-now-available-beee0dfafbf4 "Expo SDK 35 is now available - Upgrading Your App")***
>
> ### **REACT NAVIGATION - NavigationContainer**
>
> I needed to install React Navigation. For that, I followed the tutorials from:
>
> - [[Youtube video] React Native Tutorial #19 - React Navigation Setup](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OmQCU-3KPms&list=PL4cUxeGkcC9ixPU-QkScoRBVxtPPzVjrQ&index=20&ab_channel=TheNetNinja "[Youtube video] React Native Tutorial #19 - React Navigation Setup")
> - [Getting started with React Navigation 6.x (current)](https://reactnavigation.org/docs/6.x/getting-started "Getting started with React Navigation 6.x (current)")

Commit message:

AGREGUÉ EXPLICACIONES AL README
- Agregué algunas explicaciones al README. Puse algunos de los
  tutoriales que me fueron útiles, videos y esas cosas.

README.md, after:

<!--
  FUENTE SINTAXIS BÁSICA MD
  https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/
-->

# **WEBSITE CREATED WITH HTML, CSS AND JS DINAMICALLY**

## **STARTED**

> Wednesday, April 14th, 2021

## **DELIVERY DATE**

> Thursday, April 15th, 2021

## **SCHOOL SUBJECT FOR WHICH THIS WAS MADE**

> ### Fundamentos de Desarrollo Móvil
>
> - [6SEM - 1 PARTIAL] [2020 - 2021/B]

## **EXPLANATION**

> - This is a project where I had to replicate 2 mobile layouts which were
>   made in Figma by the teacher.
>
> - The 2 screens should be linked for 1 extra point.
>
> - This is made using React Native in JavaScript.

## **LAYOUTS LOCATION**

> ### **FOLDER: final-layouts-objective**
>
> - Google Pixel 2 - 1.pdf
> - Google Pixel 2 - 5.pdf

## **MOBILE LAYOUTS**

<blockquote>
  <br>
  <h3 style="text-align: center;">
    <strong> <em> OBJECTIVE LAYOUT </em> </strong>
  </h3>
  <br>
  <div style="margin: auto auto auto auto;
       display: flex;
       justify-content: space-between;">
    <img src="final-layouts-objective/first-desired-screen.png"
         alt="First desired screen" title="First desired screen" width="30%">
    <img src="final-layouts-objective/second-desired-screen.png"
         alt="Second desired screen" title="Second desired screen" width="30%">
  </div>

  <br>
  <h3 style="text-align: center;">
    <strong> FINAL RESULT </strong>
  </h3>
  <br>
  <div style="margin: auto auto auto auto;
       display: flex;
       justify-content: space-between;">
    <!-- <img src="final-layouts-objective/first-desired-screen.png"
         alt="First desired screen" title="First desired screen" width="48%">
    <img src="final-layouts-objective/second-desired-screen.png"
         alt="Second desired screen" title="Second desired screen" width="48%"> -->
  </div>
  <br>
</blockquote>
<!-- > ![First desired screen](final-layouts-objective/first-desired-screen.png "First desired screen") -->
<!-- > ![Second desired screen](final-layouts-objective/second-desired-screen.png "Second desired screen") -->

## **WHAT I USED**
>
> - I used ESLint with Airbnb coding style conventions with some own
>   personalized rules according to what I like. This was not asked by the
>   teacher.
>
> - Expo Developer Tools to see the changes either in web or in the Android
>   device.
>
> ### I HAD TO UPGRADE THE EXPO SDK
>
> I had to upgrade the expo SDK to the latest version following the next
> tutorial in the section ***"Upgrading Your App"***:
>
> ***[Upgrading Expo tutorial](https://blog.expo.io/expo-sdk-35-is-now-available-beee0dfafbf4 "Expo SDK 35 is now available - Upgrading Your App")***
>
> ### **REACT NAVIGATION - NavigationContainer**
>
> I needed to install React Navigation. For that, I followed the tutorials from:
>
> - ***[[Youtube video] React Native Tutorial #19 - React Navigation Setup](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OmQCU-3KPms&list=PL4cUxeGkcC9ixPU-QkScoRBVxtPPzVjrQ&index=20&ab_channel=TheNetNinja "[Youtube video] React Native Tutorial #19 - React Navigation Setup")***
> - ***[Getting started with React Navigation 6.x (current)](https://reactnavigation.org/docs/6.x/getting-started "Getting started with React Navigation 6.x (current)")***
>
> ### HOW TO USE CUSTOM FONTS
>
> For this, I followed the tutorial from this video:
>
> ***[[Youtube video] React Native Tutorial #17 - Custom Fonts](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IY5OBeL9LNE&list=PL4cUxeGkcC9ixPU-QkScoRBVxtPPzVjrQ&index=18&ab_channel=TheNetNinja "[Youtube video] React Native Tutorial #17 - Custom Fonts")***
>
> ### TUTORIALS I FOLLOWED
>
> I followed some tutorials in order to my better understanding of some things.
>
> - ***[[35 videos] React Native Tutorial for Beginners [Youtube playlist]](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4cUxeGkcC9ixPU-QkScoRBVxtPPzVjrQ "I only watched some videos")***
>
